{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl400\sa600\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22\fsmilli11256 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Suppose that communal kitchen years to come perhaps. All trotting down with porringers and tommycans to be filled. Devour contents in the street. John Howard Parnell example the provost of Trinity every mother\'92s son don\'92t talk of your provosts and provost of Trinity women and children cabmen priests parsons fieldmarshals archbishops. From Ailesbury road, Clyde road, artisans\'92 dwellings, north Dublin union, lord mayor in his gingerbread coach, old queen in a bathchair. My plate\'92s empty. After you with our incorporated drinkingcup. Like sir Philip Crampton\'92s fountain. Rub off the microbes with your handkerchief. Next chap rubs on a new batch with his. Father O\'92Flynn would make hares of them all. Have rows all the same. All for number one. Children fighting for the scrapings of the pot. Want a souppot as big as the Phoenix park. Harpooning flitches and hindquarters out of it. Hate people all round you. City Arms hotel\'a0
\i table d\'92h\'f4te
\i0 \'a0she called it. Soup, joint and sweet. Never know whose thoughts you\'92re chewing. Then who\'92d wash up all the plates and forks? Might be all feeding on tabloids that time. Teeth getting worse and worse.\
After all there\'92s a lot in that vegetarian fine flavour of things from the earth garlic of course it stinks after Italian organgrinders crisp of onions mushrooms truffles. Pain to the animal too. Pluck and draw fowl. Wretched brutes there at the cattlemarket waiting for the poleaxe to split their skulls open. Moo. Poor trembling calves. Meh. Staggering bob. Bubble and squeak. Butchers\'92 buckets wobbly lights. Give us that brisket off the hook. Plup. Rawhead and bloody bones. Flayed glasseyed sheep hung from their haunches, sheepsnouts bloodypapered snivelling nosejam on sawdust. Top and lashers going out. Don\'92t maul them pieces, young one.\
Hot fresh blood they prescribe for decline. Blood always needed. Insidious. Lick it up smokinghot, thick sugary. Famished ghosts.\
\
}